we went up to the Canadian
Arctic and you were not allowed
to go off by ourselves and all
because of the polar bear fret
so we always had to have a guide
with us and the guide always
wonder dog
we actually got to the field
site we would create a hole for
the scuba diver to get into the
water because the conditions are
so extreme dyes are very short
he could only be down for about
20 minutes for a dive doing it
at two dives today
we can actually track by
measuring changes in the carbon
comes to the algae the changes
in the atmosphere that people
are causing by burning fossil
fuels
we need to create records how
the oceans change is if we want
to know how people are changing
it
we have to know how it changes
by itself and the ocean is
absolutely an amazing
massive dynamic part of our
world being a paleontologist I
realized that it's actually
quite back-breaking turning over
a rock and finding something
underneath makes your heart leap